TA Name: Benjamin Brusniak
Quarter: Autumn 2020

Score Summary:
Combined Averages were calculated as the sum of the scores from question, weighting your overall rating by 2.
	Your combined average: 4.9
	Average among all intro TAs: 4.73
	Median among all intro TAs: 4.8

My TA was effective at teaching section:
	Your average: 4.92
	Average among all TAs: 4.64
	Median among all TAs: 4.7

My TA was prepared for section:
	Your average: 4.92
	Average among all TAs: 4.79
	Median among all TAs: 4.83

My TA was enthusiastic about the material:
	Your average: 4.75
	Average among all TAs: 4.68
	Median among all TAs: 4.75

My TA was accessible when I needed help:
	Your average: 4.83
	Average among all TAs: 4.71
	Median among all TAs: 4.76

My TA provided clear and actionable feedback on my assignments:
	Your average: 4.92
	Average among all TAs: 4.7
	Median among all TAs: 4.77

Overall, rate your TA:
	Your average: 5.0
	Average among all TAs: 4.8
	Median among all TAs: 4.88

What did your TA do especially well?
	Organizing things and explaining things well.
	He answers all my questions and was always there for me when I have problems in my learning process. His explanations were helpful and he was patient.
	Ben was very approachable and offered help both via email and in person. He was able to correct any mistakes he made in the comments of my assessments in a timely fashion. That was really helpful for helping me learning to write better code.
	Ben was very friendly and excellent at going over contents during the section. Additionally, he helped me a lot understanding some questions I have on the assessments with great explanation on how I should approach them!  
	Feedback for my assessments
	explaining the concepts 
	Communicate advice very effectively; Friendly and enthusiastic assistance!
	the slides and polls prepared in the lab. and help us to build the way to solve the problems
	His class was going well, he gave enough time for us to try problems first and I believe his explanation was really understandable. Also he was being really nice for answering student's questions, and his comment for the each homework assignment was really helpful as well. 
	He always hospitable to me. He always helped me when I needed help. 

What could your TA do to improve?
	Good enough.
	Nope.
	My TA could make the section more interactive. But I understand it is hard to do so via remote learning.
	I do not believe there is much Ben needs to improve. He was a great TA to have!
	more engaging maybe?
	N/A; Benjamin was great!
	maybe talk faster, loll but everything is good! 
	It's not for my TA, but I hope they also upload the video record for TA section, so we can review.
	Nothing! He was best TA!

